If you only have 24 hours in a day,
your success is dependent upon how you use the 24.
You gotta hear me.
People talk about open, wren free,
you know, care, turn, or warm buffet.
Listen to me.
I don't care how much money you make.
You only get 24 hours in a day.
And the difference between Oprah and the person that's broke
is Oprah uses her 24 hours wisely.
That's it. Listen to me.
That's it. You get 24.
I don't care if you broke, you grew up broke.
I don't care if you grew up rich.
I don't care if you're in college.
You're not in college.
You only get 24 hours.
And I blew up literally.
I went from being a high school dropout
to selling six thousand books and less than six months.
What happened?
My 24 hours.
I was like, okay, Eric, you gotta get a grip on your 24 hours
because you're about to be broke for the rest of your life.
And that's all I need you to do for me.
I can tell you all about your life.
If you just write down your 24 hours schedule for me,
you let me look at it.
I can tell you where you're going to be in five years.
I can tell you where you're going to be in 10 years.
I can tell you where you're going to be in 20 years
if you keep that schedule.